The question is now under consideration .
The question of how many souls exist in heaven is academic .
The question whether he will join us is uncertain .
The quiet point , Tom !
The rabbits scampered away as we approached .
The racket used in various games , such as table tennis or racquets .
The radius of a circle described by a crank , cam , or similar machine part .
The railway service to our village is no longer economic .
The rain has been drizzling down all the afternoon .
The rain kept pouring down .
The rain raised the river two meters above normal .
The raindrop falls on my face .
The rank or office of a bishop .
The rate be5 per hour .
The ratio of the size of an image to the size of an object .
The reactionary rulers found it very difficult to bring the oppressed natives under .
The really put up a good show .
The reason he gave for his absence is obviously fabricated .
The rebels were quickly brought under .
The recent statement of the president forecast a change in the situation .
The recording can be erased and the tape used again .
The reduction in size of components and circuits for increasing package density and reducing power dissipation and signal propagation delays .
The refusal of the actor turned all our arrangements for the performance topsy-turvy .
The region to be researched has been traced out .
The relative degree of mixture with a base metal; fineness .
The removal of blood , usually from a vein , as a therapeutic measure .
The repayments of the loan are spread over25 years .
The report is on mammalian thermoregulation .
The reporter had a red-hot story .
The reports contradict each other .
The research project was only a partial success .
The resolution was approved82 to16 with18 abstentions .
The rest of the money is invested in gilt .
The restaurant stung him for1000 yuan .
The result obtained by multiplying a quantity by a percent .
The results have gone beyond our hopes .
The return received on an investment after all charges have been paid .
The rice crop this year is15 percent above the average .
The rich people often migrate in winter to Florida .
The right and power to act , believe , or express oneself in a manner of one's own choosing .
The right to employ this procedure .
The rioter misinterpret the instructions of the police .
The rising sun threw shadows across the lawn . We threw sheets over the furniture before we painted the ceiling .
The river divides the city into two parts .
The river is rising after the rain .
The river turns north at this point .
The road ahead was flooded so we had to double back .
The road has been closed off for repairs .
The road ran straight for several miles .
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husband along .
The road was wet and slippery , so Mr Reed slowed down the car .
The robber snatched the pursed out of the woman's hands .
The robbers weighted the box down with stones and dropped it into the river .
The rogue passed it off as genuine .
The roof needs mending again , the rain has been seeping in recently .
The room doesn't seem to be lived in .
The room is the bigger of the two .
The room swam around me .
The room was in a mess .
The root of this plant , eaten as a vegetable .
The rose sends out strong fragrance .
The rounded posterior portion of the human foot under and behind the ankle .
The royalty rate shall be calculated in proportion to the net sale of the product turn out with the transferred technology .
The rule is that someone must be on duty at all times .
The ruling body of English and Welsh barrister .
The runner was retired put out at first base .
The rust must be filled in so that traffic can pass .
The sailboat keeled over in the storm .
The sailors hove the anchor overboard .
The sale department makes an accurate forecast of sale .
The sales figures speak for themselves; what a successful year this has been .
The salesman tried to lead me on with talk of amazing savings on heating bill .
The same applies to the Spanish-speaking countries in Latin-America .
The sand blew into the food and made it gritty .
The savage king put all the prisoners to the sword .
The scar of poverty have leave their mark .
The scene is laid in a village far from the city .
The scenery is beautiful near the Pacific Ocean .
The scheme is still on the anvil .
The school has only been open for six months , so it's too early to evaluate its success .
The school's audio-visual apparatus includes a new set of multi-media device , not to mention films , records , etc .
The science of life and of living organisms , including their structure , function , growth , origin , evolution , and distribution . It includes botany and zoology and all their subdivisions .
The science , art , and business of cultivating marine or freshwater food fish or shellfish , such as oysters , clams , salmon , and trout , under controlled conditions .
The scientist denied himself many of the comforts of life .
The scientists strive for a breakthrough in cancer research .
The scouts started off on their mission on a stormy night .
The sea bed is rich in mineral .
The sea is deep here .
The sea was choppy today because of the windstorm .
The search plane signaled that help was on the way . The men in the lifeboat just had to sweat it out .
The seats have no back against which to lean .
The second pair is a better fit , but he does not like the colour .
The secret is known only to a narrow group of people .
The secretary is proposing to stand down in favour of a younger man .
The section directly in front of and below the stage of a theater , in which the musicians sit .
The seed-bearing capsule of certain plants , especially cotton and flax .
The self , especially as distinct from the world and other selves .
The senior civil servant they arrested for spying turned out to be a Trojan horse , planted by enemy intelligence twenty years previously .
The separatist is demanding full autonomy for their state .
The service here is disappointing .
The setting sun gilded the sky .
The shadow of death is on his face .
The share is on offer in parcel of50 .
The sheer maliciousness of the gossip
The sheriff ordered the suspicious looking stranger to hit the trail .
The ship canted over when it hit the rocks , and sank to the bottom with all its passengers and sailors .
The ship faded into the fog .
The ship is at anchor .
The ship is working eastwards .
The ship pass the channel .
The ship ren into strong winds and heavy seas .
The ship sank .
The ship was crippled in the storm .
The ship was off the stocks .
The ship's bow dipped into the waves .
The shipment is still on the water .
The shock make me go all weak at the knee .
The shop assistant went out of his way to find what we needed .
The shop is on the ropes and must surely have to close soon .
The shop sells games .
The shopper is showered with broken glass from the explosion .
The shore of a body of water , especially when sandy or pebbly .
The shouts rang in our ears .
The shutter kept banging to and fro in the wind , so we nailed it back against the wall .
The sick man is no better .
The sidewalks directly in front of the building have been roped off .
The sight of physical suffering always upsets me .
The sign on the house says " For sale " .
The silent night has the beauty of the mother and the clamorous day of the child .
The singer forced his low notes .
The singer's performance was so terrible that the audience hissed at him .
The situation as it was before .
The situation seemed to me quite normal .
The size of our order depend very much on your price .
The skin graft was rejected .
The sky is bespangled with stars .
The sky was deep blue .
The sleeping pills soon put her off to sleep .
The small boy came running down the street , crying his eyes out because he had lost his mother .
The small party of explorers started out with high hopes .
The smallest unit of plant structure .
The smile of triumph was on their faces .
The smoker tossed away the lighted match and so caused a fire .
The snake's tongue flicked out .
The snow was blowing in her face , but she gritted her teeth and went on .
The social worker advised them to put their handicapped child into care .
The soft , subdued light seen at dusk or dawn or in dimly lit interiors .
The soldier climbed very quickly catching on a very strong rope .
The soldier scaled the wall of the fortress by turret .
The soldiers are in action .
The soldiers crept forward under cover of darkness .
The soldiers moving through the area had to struggle against the bad weather , which could render the primitive roads impassable .
The soldiers were in a tight spot , short of food and ammunition .
The solicitor moved for an adjournment of the case .
The son of Daedalus who , in escaping from Crete on artificial wings made for him by his father , flew so close to the sun that the wax with which his wings were fastened melted , and he fell into the Aegean Sea .
The sons of Confucius are scattered in many parts of China .
The sound made by rippling water .
The sound of this rush or surge .
The soup was so hot that it burned my mouth .
The space flight had to be aborted because of the difficulties with the computer .
The spatter of rain on the tent
The speaker failed to put his ideas over clearly enough so that some misunderstanding arose .
The speaker lashed his audience into a fury .
The speaker talked a lot , but never really got to grips with the subject .
The speaker's forceful words persuaded his opponents to back down .
The spectators or listeners assembled at a performance , for example , or attracted by a radio or television program .
The speed of light being extremely great , we cannot measure it by ordinary method .
The spirit or soul .
The sports car passed on the right .
The spy was dishonourably banished from , the land .
The staff speak as one man on this issue .
The stamp has come off . Stick it on again .
The standing figure to the right was painted after the rest of the picture was completed .
The start of the film was dull .
The state of being an occupant or a tenant .
The state of being convinced or persuaded by consideration of evidence .
The state of being executed .
The state of being involved .
The state of being predisposed; tendency , inclination , or susceptibility .
The state of being transported .
The state or fact of being plural .
The state or quality of being cool .
The state or quality of being irrational .
The state or quality of being stubborn or refractory .
The statement prove incorrect .
The statue of Jefferson was big as life .
The steamer has gone ashore , hasn't it ?
The stemmed glass in which a coupe is served .
The stick is three inches long .
The stolen car is now in police custody .
The store cater mainly for overseas customer .
The store set up a plan for twenty-four-hour service .
The storm cast the little rowboat on the rocks .
The storm has passed .
The storm was succeeded by calm .
The story hangs on the relationship between the two sisters .
The story is splashed across the front page of the newspaper .
The story remained in his memory .
The story was quite well written in parts .
The stove will remain in all night if you put enough coal on in the evening .
The straws in the fashion wind indicate a shrinking attachment for jersey and knitting .
The street is overarched by ginkgoes .
The streets were thronged with shoppers .
The strike tied up production for a week .
The strong smell made me throw up .
The struggling for knowledge hath a pleasure in it that of wrestling with a fine woman .
The student made a creditable effort on the essay .
The students are a month behind with the rent .
The students fell beneath the influence of the free-thinking teacher .
The students issued from the classroom .
The students talked about the coming tour to the nearby mountain village among themselves .
The students; marks were scaled down because the examination was too easy .
The study of how words and their component parts combine to form sentences .
The study of the development and evolution of biochemicals and biochemical processes .
The study of the origin , development , and manifestations of mental or behavioral disorders .
The study , theory , and practice of prison management and criminal rehabilitation .
The subject may be full of interest to you , but it holds no interest for me .
The substance so deposited .
The success was because in those days , there were no betting-shops . The law of the land said you could only bet at a racecourse .
The sudden noise from the next room interrupt my train of think .
The suitcase burst open and its contents rained on the floor .
The sum total of study on the subject is contained in this report .
The sun blinds the stars .
The sun glare out of the blue sky .
The sun makes the plants grow .
The sun sank below the horizon .
The sun was hot , so he pulled his sweater over his head .
The sunlight has bleached the colour out .
The supervisor gave her a black look when she told him that she hadn't done the work .
The surest way to hit woman's heart is to take aim kneel .
The surgeon cut out all the diseased tissue .
The surgical excision of one or both of the adrenal glands .
The sustaining of a note longer than its indicated time value .
The swimmer couldn't hold her breath any longer .
The switchboard is manned twenty-four hours a day .
The system of rules implicit in a language , viewed as a mechanism for generating all sentences possible in that language .
The table top is scratched .
The tailor makes the man .
The tall one be .
The task took quick thinking , but John was equal to it .
The taxi driver took an indirect route to avoid the town centre .
The teacher asked the pupil to put his hand down .
The teacher called the boy out to the front of the class .
The teacher divided the younger children from the older ones .
The teacher glanced round .
The teacher is giving the naughty boy a lesson .
The teacher led the children up the stairs .
The teacher ordered the students in(to the school) .
The teacher roused himself and stared the pupil down .
The teacher shifted the chairs around in the classroom .
The teacher told a story to the pupils .
The teacher urged on us the necessity of practice .
The teacher was telling us about the poet's life , when he went off at a tangent and started talking about his war experiences .
The teachers complain that nothing is feeding back to them from the classroom .
The team is a newcomer to the competition .
The team was behind , but at the last minute Sam saved the day with a touchdown .
The teams met in fierce contention for first place .
The technology of using the flows and pressures of fluids in sensing , control , and information-processing systems with no moving parts .
The telephone rings and this marks the prelude to an unforeseen series of catastrophes .
The temperature drops in September .
The temple will serve for an operating room .
The tender committee have take a liking to your bid .
The tenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet .
The terrible experience unhinged his mind .
The test finished . We began our holiday .
The theater was packed with children .
The theory has been discredited .
The theory , art , or technique of making a process more automatic .
The thief got away scot-free .
The thief ran off with an angry crowd at his heel .
The thief whip round the corner and out of sight .
The thieves robbed the passengers of all their money and jewels .
The thing is I was in a bit of an accident last week--got bashed by another car .
The thinner the ice , the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear .
The thought of summer suggests swimming .
The threat or use of force to prevent , restrict , or dictate the action or thought of others .
The thunderstorm may settle the weather .
The tide is making now .
The tiger rushed at its prey .
The time between sunrise and sunset .
The time of life between childhood and maturity .
The timetable is obtainable post-free from the airline office .
The tires kicked the little stones up .
The top branches of the two trees interlace with one another .
The top sleeps .
The total amount of money bet on an event or over a set period of time .
The total quantity of data that a part of a computer can hold or handle .
The tough new measures on drug abuse is likely to be a case of killing or cure .
The tournament is open to amateur as well as professional .
The town centre certainly needs a face-lift .
The town is noted for its healthy air .
The town's last remaining cinema went west last year and it's now a bingo palace .
The trade of a butcher .
The traffic had to follow a diversion because of an accident on the main road .
The train being late , we missed the boat .
The train from Beijing pulled in at9: 15 .
The train is attacked by guerilla .
The train jerked ahead .
The train rolled into the station .
The train usually goes120 kilometers in one hour .
The train went round the bend and soon got of sight .
The tramp always keep his eyes peel for coin lying on the grind .
The transparency and luster of a gem .
The traveler's check cost one per cent of total amount of purchase .
The travelling public is hoping for an early settlement of the rail dispute .
The treaty may be considered to be as dead as a doornail .
The tree is bearing a lot of apples this year .
The trees break the wind .
The trees will soon be in leaf .
The tried to remove the mark from his jacket with a cleaning fluid , but it wouldn't rub out .
The troops have to withdraw to a less exposed position .
The trouble between the women is a tuppeny-ha'penny affair .
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time .
The truck bumped our car .
The truck went into a tree .
The truth of the report is beyond all doubt .
The tunnel contract to a narrow passageway as you go deep .
The twentieth century is only the nineteenth speaking with a slightly American accent .
The two animals were locked in a fight .
The two boys rolled up their sleeves and fell to fight .
The two businessmen clinched the deal quickly .
The two continents were connected by a land mass at one time .
The two fighters lashed into each other as soon as the bell rang .
The two halves if the main branch have grown apart , forming separate trees .
The two men fought out their differences in court .
The two of them were necking on a park bench .
The two pipes which connect with the sewer have been blocked up for a month .
The two sides call a truce to avoid further bloodshed .
The two teams were all square at the end .
The two women gabbled away twenty to the dozen while the waitress noisily cleared the table-cloth and all .
The typhoon is gathering strength .
The umpire ousted the arguing player from the game .
The unemployed engineer wrote a dozen applications for jobs but got nothing .
The union has ordered its members to work to rule . rather than call a total strike .
The union of two or more commercial interests or corporations .
The university must graduate more science students .
The untidy girl's toy , books shoes and clothes were all jumbled together in the cupboard .
The upper portion of the stomach that adjoins this opening .
The use by human beings of voice sounds , and often written symbols representing these sounds , in organized combinations and patterns in order to express and communicate thoughts and feelings .
The use of mirror in a room is an artifice to make the room look larger .
The used to call it a draw , when two horses finished neck and neck .
The usual word " pub " is short for " public house " .
The value of life lies not in the length of days , but in the use we make of them .( Montaigne)
The various parts of the car are bolted together .
The vehicles were quickly rolled off by these men .
The very idea of sniffing glue is repellent to me .
The vicar caught me bending when he called unexpectedly while I was decorating the kitchen ceiling and covered in paint .
The victory was cheaply bought .
The view that the earth is flat is no longer tenable .
The village is inaccessible by car in winter .
The village where we are going lies behind the mountain .
The villagers , full of hate in their eyes , stared the traitor down .
The virtue of mother shall occasionally be visiting upon the children as well as the sin of the father .
The visiting team were one man short and so I played for them to redress the balance .
The voice of his departed mother still rings in his sears .
The wage stop is the device used to stop families receiving more in social security payments than their normal income from full-time work .
The waiter whipped away my cup before I'd finished my coffee .
The wall has ears .
The wall was laid up in bricks .
The war ended in1975 .
The war still bulks large in the memories of those who fought in it .
The warm weather has set the crops ahead by a month .
The waste pipe is blocked; try flushing it out with hot water .
The water came to my neck .
The water is wasting .
The water smacks of sulphur .
The wave curled over the surfer .
The waves were pushed out by the force of water behind it .
The way she puts out her garbage is awful !
The weather became warmer .
The weather in June was positively autumnal .
The weather looks good for our sports meet .
The weave used to produce such a fabric .
The weight is50 grams short .
The west lake is noted for its scenery .
The wheel and the drag react on each other .
The whisky got into his head .
The white towel round the woman-miner's neck set off her brilliant black eyes and her dazzling cap-lamp .
The whole community was astir when the news came that the enemy bombing would be restored .
The whole family is like that . Clever as they make them , but can't help boasting of it .
The whole matter is still in doubt .
The whole procedure seems to be hedged about with problems .
The whole story came out at the trial .
The whole village was frozen in for a week .
The widow was hard up against it , ever so hard .
The wife or widow of a knight .
The wily old fellow said to his son , " Have a care , Joe , that girl is setting her cap at you . " 
The wind changed . We had to bring the boat about and headed for shore .
The wind has gone down a little since last night .
The wind is so strong that we had to ease to .
The wind tunnel is produced under a technical cooperation agreement with Ford Co of US .
The wind whistled through a crack in the door .
The window has clouded over in the steam .
The windows glinted in the sun .
The wine improves with age .
The wire was coupled on the plug .
The witch turned the prince into a frog .
The witness testify that he have see the man shoot at his victim .
The woman in this painting has a pensive smile .
The woman weighed the flour and tipped it into the basin .
The women there used to veil their face in public .
The wood of one of these trees .
The woods on the mountain sides were clad in mist .
The word in a construction that has the same grammatical function as the construction as a whole and that determines relationships of concord to other parts of the construction or sentence in which the construction occurs .
The words slipped out before he could stop himself .
The work is badly done; he didn't take much trouble to do it .
The work method of this test is simple .
The work was finished at high gear .
The worker lost his job through inattention .
The workers are refusing to be shoved around by the employers; they demand to be treated as human beings .
The workers made reprisals for what they suffered .
The workers who were employed building turnpikes and canals died like flies in the swamps .
The workmen struck for higher wages , but the factory owner soon had them at his feet .
The world is full of chicanery .
The worst intrusion I know is represented in the author who forgets that you are only a reader , and start to put on a show .
The wound is festering .
The wounded man spat out blood .
The writer expresses his love for his motherland in his novels .
The writer was so absorbed in her work that she didn't notice him enter the room .
The yachts reached the other side at about midnight and lay to about four miles off shore .
The years ahead seemed to stretch out for ever .
The young Mr . Longman and his father are both doctors .
The young bull horned the old cow out of the herd .
The young girl bore up well after her dad and granny were killed by the aggressors .
The young lady is set on having that fur coat .
The young man had left the town in order to welch on all his debts .
The young man recite his poem with a touch of pride .
The young man was rearrested on a fresh charge two days after being released from jail .
The young people made merry at the picnic .
The young singer has been burning for a chance to hear the cheers of the crowds .
The young tennis player will be able to fling off the old one .
The youngsters like to play football and cricket in the same ball park .
The " Remember the Maine " of Spanish war days has now been changed to " Remember Pearl Harbor " .
The21st letter of the modern English alphabet .
Their accounts of what happened don't hang together .
Their ardour was damped by my critics .
Their boss pays the highest wages , but he wants his pound of flesh in return and makes them work very hard .
Their children are always going to parties and seems to sleep out nearly every night .
Their contribution , whether large or small , was respected .
Their demand for justice found an echo in communities across the nation .
Their electricity is set at0 .25 yuan per light .
Their father is also guilty , inasmuch as he knows what they are going to do .
Their friends begged them to spare themselves .
Their group has already fulfilled their quota , so has our group .
Their house had sound foundations , would have stood stoutly even if it had been almost submerged .
Their insults should be beneath your notice .
Their life is a poem .
Their marriage broke up .
Their morale had greatly improved .
Their offspring is all somewhat odd .
Their paths diverged at the fork in the road .
Their poverty , their straitened environment touched his heart .
Their rejection of these measures roused the people to indignation .
Their sabotage put back production badly .
Their son slide into evil ways .
Their success is in great measure the result of thorough preparation .
Their team is out of trim for the match .
Their wages were reduced or held up for no reason .
Theirs is a developed country .
Then I have to see the secretary about my account .
Then I'll go to your room at7: 50 .
Then begin our new lesson .
Then he heard boys shouting at the top of their voices " Michel's dead ! The old beggar is dead . " 
Then he spoke slowly , but I could not understand him .
Then how much can you go down ?
Then she began to observe a curious phenomenon .
Then the Lord God said to the serpent: " Because you have done this you are accursed more than all cattle and all wild creatures . " 
Then the road is being widened .
Then they lined the inside with white tiles .
Then we all three took a bus into the town .
Then we started pumping water to the fields .
Then you do the opposite: make a lot of noise and start shout and screaming and call the cop at once .
Then , it's usually time to wake up my son(daughter) .
Therapy or treatment by exposure to radiation .
There are a number of verbs which describe abnormal ways of walking .
There are as many students in our class as in yours .
There are few flies in the room .
There are five ducks in the yard .
There are innumerable stars in the sky .
There are many new products on display in the exhibition , which demonstrate the rapid progress you have made .
There are mice in Mrs . Lee's kitchen .
There are ninety .
There are not many jobs that leave you time to get the housework do .
There are other organs for hearing , smelling and tasting .
There are seventy .
There are six .
There are some different types of claims .
There are telephone extensions in every office .
There are those who claim our strength is inadequate to protect on both fronts , that we cannot divide our effort .
There are thrice as many students in our institute now as there was in1966 .
There are two pears in my basket .
There are25 girl students in our class as against only5 in Class Two .
There carpet is sold at25 off the marked price .
There goes the bus !
There has long been a superstition among mariners that porpoises will save drowning .
There he searched out an old friend of his .
There is a breach in the wall .
There is a concave rose garden of ground down inside his courtyard .
There is a fast express service leaves London for Edinburgh every hour on the hour .
There is a hard core of people who support this politician , but most think that he is dishonest .
There is a lot to be said for professional self-government , if it really works . But can professionals take effective action against one another ? Will they not always be held back by the thought that there , but for the grace of God , go I ?
There is a note of warning in what he said .
There is a ratio of two boys to three girls in the club .
There is a shower of applause after the performance .
There is a strong religious influence in American life .
There is a weary breakdown of law and order .
There is an aura of divinity about him .
There is but one pleasure in life equal to that of being called on to make an after-dinner speech , and that is not being called on to make one .
There is golf-ball-size hail in New Jersey today .
There is little time left .
There is no benefit to debate .
There is no doubt but right will prevail .
There is no help to be looked for in that quarter .
There is no man who does not have fault .
There is no one here I can confide in .
There is no question of overlap between the two courses .
There is no saying what may happen .
There is no substance whatsoever in the report .
There is not a mechanic or technician who has not haven this problem .
There is not much clearance for tall vehicle pass under this bridge .
There is nothing as good as a piping hot cup of cocoa on a cold winter's evening .
There is nothing to thank me for .
There is only standing room in the bus .
There is so much red tape involved in obtaining a government contract that it is sometimes almost not worth the time and expense .
There is something wrong with my radio . Could you see to it for me ?
There is two hours' time difference between Moscow and London .
There it is .
There must be some lake or lodge halfway between South Dakota and Georgia where we could meet .
There remains a still more difficult task for us .
There the birds nest and bring up their young .
There was a big crowd and it was hard to find a taxi .
There was a curious silence .
There was a hole in the roof , and rain-water was spattering on his bed .
There was a red glare over the burning village .
There was a table with odds and ends piled on it .
There was an ear-splitting roar as a the Red Arrows display team flew overhead .
There was litter strewn all over the pavement .
There was no more trouble among the people .
There was not an atom of evidence to convince him .
There was so much competition for the trade that rival firms were fighting with the gloves off .
There was very little to discuss but the chairman still managed to spin out the meeting for two hours .
There were a few cackles from the audience when I began to talk .
There were loud cheers as the Irish team took the field .
There were several big names at the party .
There will be a day of reckoning for what you have done to me !
There would be a saving to the airlines of about￡70 million a year some of in lower fares .
There're may being other choices too .
There's a good boy .
There's a lot of disagreement among politicians on this issue .
There's a possibility .
There's a table for four over there . Will you like it ?
There's an exception to every rule .
There's coffee or tea- you can have either .
There's more in Mary's refusal than meets the eye; I think she's trying to hide something .
There's no doubt who wears the trousers in that household .
There's no need to bite my head off . I only asked you a question-I wasn't criticizing you .
There's no need to work you bad temper off on me .
There's no room for doubt .
There's no way I can solve the problem .
There's not much fight left in him now .
There's nothing to see outside london .
There's plenty more paper if you need it .
There's some respiratory murmur in your heart .
There , I told you I was right .
Therefore , we will like to ask for a guarantee minimum .
These apples are not ripe; they are sour .
These are bricks .
These are mine , and those are yours .
These are striking proofs of this truth .
These arguments make up the case for the defence .
These bolts and nuts hold the wheels on .
These bottles are not returnable .
These cases are viewed as models .
These coins are minted in China hundreds of years ago .
These creatures spend their lives blow(the) ground .
These difficulties are caused by natural disasters .
These events were all linked together .
These figures are very important and you must print them in .
These gas lasers give off a continuous beam .
These greatly improved their working conditions .
These ideas have been forming in my mind .
These last are my friends .
These mats will wear for20 or30 years .
These methods have proved quite effective .
These new shoes are so tiff that they rub the skin off my ankles .
These old people are unaccustomed to the pressure of modern life .
These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally , but to give them electric shocks as well !
These pigs laid on quick .
These players made a very good combination .
These proposals were embodied in the Industrial Relations Act .
These rich deposits are scheduled for large-scale extraction in the future .
These schools enable a boy or girl to change educational plans during the high school years , moving from the vocational track into the academic or vice versa .
These shoes lace easily .
These stains won't come off , I'm afraid .
These teachings lit up my mind , pointed out the direction and gave me endless strength .
These trees fruit annually .
These two pieces of wood makes a funny noise when you knock them together .
These various units took note of local conditions and exchanged information .
These were vital decisions that bore upon the happiness of everybody .
These young characters who take dope go around all hopped up .
They accorded a warm welcome to us .
They adopted the decision in disregard of our repeated warnings .
They agreed to a man .
They all board in at the college .
They all indicate people expressing emotions , often with tears .
They all sang the refrain .
They all want to watch a game of football .
They also put out a pamphlet in English of this statement .
They always think things through before they act .
They appointed him secretary .
They are actually glad I am leaving , are not they ?
They are always bicker when they meet at school .
They are at the threshold of a new career .
They are both in the wrong .
They are capable of all sorts of wrongdoings .
They are cut it fine by arriving at the airport5 minutes before they are supposed to leave .
They are divided on the quality of teaching in the university .
They are face to face with a new problem which they must solve at once .
They are friendly with us .
They are going to play a gag on their mom when she comes home .
They are hoping for a positive result from the experiment .
They are induction coils .
They are liable to knock him off if he talks .
They are mobilizing their supporters to vote at the election .
They are not engineers , are they ?
They are now all well provided for .
They are paid more because of their long years of service .
They are pressing ahead with a winter work project .
They are rolled into sheet or strips of various thickness to make car bodies , tin cans , refrigerators etc .
They are shop assistants .
They are supposed to have discovered America .
They are the leading company in the field .
They are trying to find a cleaner fuel for car .
They are unhealthy children because they do not have enough to eat .
They are weaken by a diet that is low in protein .
They argued their actions had nothing to do with the riot , but I think that's debatable .
They asked for bid for the supply of spare parts .
They asked the cyclist , " Why didn't you ring " ?
They attach great(little) importance to the opinions of the majority
They battered at the gate .
They became deeply intoxicated and totally disoriented .
They behaved very coolly in a dangerous situation .
They blindfold my eyes for a week after the operation .
They both played in the tennis match .
They bought two cars and a truck in a package deal that saved them a lot of money .
They broke into their emergency supplies of food and water .
They built a wall to keep wolves out of their ranch .
They call the strike off .
They came in by twos and threes .
They came , spoiling for a showdown .
They can not have foresee how thing will turn out .
They can't keep away from their regular work for long .
They carried out criticism and self-criticism and made many valuable proposals .
They certainly are hard workers .
They checked out all the goods in the grocery store .
They clamped down on the newspapers .
They combed out the whole place for the lost children .
They concentrated a superior force to insure against defeat .
They consigned the goods to us .
They could hear thunder rolling in the distance .
They couldn't agree whether to have the office redecorated in yellow or green so I forced the issue by saying that if they didn't decide today it would stay as it is .
They covenanted that they would sell only to certain buyers .
They crowed their heads off when they won the General Election .
They dare not play joke on him in case he become angry .
They decided to bring the property to the hammer .
They decided to kick him upstairs and appoint a younger man to take his place .
They decided to sit down and straighten out their differences .
They delivered an ultimatum to Iraq .
They did a wonderful play last year .
They did not discuss this problem yesterday afternoon .
They did this to save customers time and trouble .
They didn't mind the news becoming public .
They discovered that he was a police plant .
They divided up the money .
They do not pay attention its establishment .
They don't approve of my way of looking at things .
They don't understand the seriousness [importance] of this question .
They drew lots for the right to go first .
They dubbed him Fatty because of his size .
They eloped last week .
They enjoy dishing out advice to everyone .
They exchange a few words .
They exposed the true aims of the war .
They fastened exclusively on the dynamo of the latest design .
They fell into each other's arms lovingly .
They felt that we had performed a miracle in this respect .
They finally delivered him of all his fears .
They finished the task in no time .
They fixed the blame on me .
They focused their attention on the main problems .
They formed the so-called " third force " .
They found the answer correct .
They gad about Europe a lot , going to expensive restaurants and shows .
They gave him the boot for coming late .
They gave up their holiday to lend a hand in the work .
They give us an offer for the goods .
They got around the lack of drinking water by eating water melons .
They got on to the offender very soon .
They greeted him with many expressions of pleasure .
They had a high old time at George's party .
They had been together all season and seemed to resent out coming in on the tag end off it .
They had it all out yesterday and cleared the air a little .
They had pumped the well dry , and could get no more water .
They had to accustom themselves to the hot weather .
They had to lower their sights and buy a smaller house than they would have liked .
They had to watch their young family die off through lack of food .
They hated that conceited , self-satisfied creature .
They have a vacancy for a secretary .
They have arranged a few pieces of music for play at the concert .
They have been hanging on in the unlawfully occupied area .
They have been told that rescue operations are progressing smoothly .
They have broken through in various fields of research .
They have decided to close that branch down .
They have fastened up all their things .
They have gone to the port .
They have insist on a full pictorial coverage of the event .
They have lent out the car to some friends .
They have mucked out the pigsty .
They have objected to him on personal grounds .
They have put some money away in the bank .
They have sent me some pictures of Guilin .
They have succeeded to admiration .
They have to keep the room dark to develop the films .
They have turned the corner and the work is now a success .
They heaped blame upon him .
They held most of the shares in the business .
They hissed down the author when he tried to speak .
They hope she will ease up a bit after the matter is over .
They hung out flags for the Queen's visit .
They incline to think so .
They inspired and organized a great demonstration against the king .
They jeered at the proposal put forward by the speaker .
They keep on read english aloud every day .
They kept it for Mary .
They kitted themselves out to catch changes in the political wind .
They knocked together a rough box with wooden boards .
They laid mines to keep the enemy from coming near .
They lasted out till they were rescued .
They led two revolutions and failed .
They let on that they didn't care about not being invited , but I could tell that they were hurt .
They like to look back on those unforgettable years in the army .
They live in a cottage near by .
They live on a farm .
They lived well , on the proceeds of raids on neighbouring regions .
They look upon her as their big sister .
They lost the contract because their bid was too high .
They made a break-through in missiles , and by1961 , 2 , and3 , they will be out-numbering us in missiles .
They made her wait .
They made the experiment at night .
They manage to carry on their experiment in spite of the difficulty .
They may be wanting to know when you leave for home .
They mess about in the club most of the summer .
They mislaid the linoleum .
They must be resolved on the highest plane of national interest , if our cause is to prove sound and our future protected .
They must take this . It is Hobson's choice .
They needed time and practice to master the skill .
They never seem to have a proper plan but manage to muddle through somehow .
They objected that discipline was lacking .
They offered to pay$2 a pound for the biggest biscuit baked by a listener .
They often quarrel but they always make up .
They ordered a new roll royce for the managing director .
They overcharged me10 dollars for the meal .
They painted the kitchen and then decide to go the whole hog and redecorate the other room as well .
They pay thirty fen per kilowatt hour .
They picked up as many people from the burning ship as they could .
They plan to make a show with a movie star penciled in as the attraction .
They play single this afternoon .
They played the whole afternoon on the beach .
They posed themselves up for the party .
They prepared all things necessary for the expedition .
They pried military information out of a prisoner .
They proposed to form , a new party from those breaking away from the major groups .
They pushed on through the woods until they reached an open road .
They put out for tenders for a new central heating system .
They put up many tall buildings last year .
They rambled on through the woods .
They reached the other side at about midnight and lay to about four miles at shore .
They received many letters of sympathy from well-wishers .
They refuse to pay .
They registered at the hotel under the name of macdonald .
They removed into the country .
They represent each society stratum .
They rigged up the ship efficiently .
They rolled the child up in a blanket .
They rushed at the enemy .
They said three baby birds fall out of the nest .
They sat in a second-class compartment .
They saw her at the conference .
They say that they do not need alcohol any more .
They searched him for a hidden weapon .
They seem to regard it as a small triumph .
They sell new and used furniture .
They sent five dollars to Mr.Smith .
They served up the same old excuse for their slackness .
They set sail with the first fair wind .
They settled their dispute and blew away disunity .
They ship did not dock long enough for the crew to get shore leave .
They shouldn't have made such a hasty decision .
They shut off the gas and electricity in their house before leave on holiday .
They slapped together a cabin out of old lumber .
They sometimes chatted away for hours .
They speak they again do not need alcohol .
They spent the whole day wandering about seeing the sights .
They squeezed through the crowd in a hurry .
They started five minutes ago; we must do all we can to catch up .
They steadily gained in experience .
They stood as a mark of respect when he came in .
They stopped work when the whistle blew .
They study hard , so that they can serve the people better .
They suggest a variety of reasons for this secrecy .
They switched positions .
They take the office on a short let .
They talked the afternoon away in the park .
They tells I come too early .
They thought no one could hold up under such hardship . But we carried it through .
They threw some water on her face , and she soon came around .
They told me how Mr . Gladstone read homer for fun , which I though serve him right .
They took my suggestions to heart and followed my advice .
They toured the museum .
They treated him very well [all right , badly] .
They tried to break up the strike by firing many of its leaders .
They tried to make the boy open up but in vain .
They trooped away to the football game .
They ultimately decided not to go .
They used crane to lift the container from the ship .
They used to live in Scotland but they move down south .
They voted out the measure .
They walk up the stairs .
They want down town yesterday .
They want to remember who they're speaking to !
They wanted to stop me , but they can't now .
They watched the fish swimming in the aquarium .
They went all out against the war .
They went on to ask a string of questions about our college education .
They were a unit on the question .
They were all very pleased with the news .
They were baffled in their test .
They were checking stock .
They were defeated all hollow .
They were done up after the journey .
They were fighting together in the public bar .
They were got up in their best clothes .
They were impressed by his sincerity and straightforwardness .
They were killed , to the last man , in a futile attack .
They were much moved at the story .
They were observing a suspected person .
They were presented with flowers on arrival at the airport .
They were running towards the house , but we headed them off by calling from the field .
They were so far away that I couldn't make out their faces clearly .
They were supposed to be here an hour ago .
They were tired of waiting .
They were very busy and had to hold up on all plans to travel .
They were wrecked on the reef .
They will be arriving either before of after the show begins .
They will depend more on their parents .
They will meet you outside the theater at7 .15 .
They will set forth on a thirty-mile hike tomorrow afternoon .
They wiped out illiteracy in their village within a few years .
They won't hate you any more .
They work hard , so do you .
They worked on without cease .
They would just drop in on us for a chat at any moment .
They wound their way through the narrow valley .
They'll be enjoying the sunshine .
They'll hold together in life and death whatever may happen .
They're all of a kind .
They're demanding a four-day week .
They're not mine .
They're selling off their furniture because they're moving to Australia .
They've always had a big garden .
They've done a remarkable job .
They've paid out nearly ￡500 this month .
Thick and fast indeed came the events .
Thieves raided the bank and got away with a lot of money .
Thing that limits a person's freedom of action
Things are happening so fast that she's at sixes and sevens about what to do next .
Things can go wrong on a big scale as a number of people recently discovered in Parramatta , a suburb of Sydney .
Things went bravely during his absence .
Think hard before you answer the question .
Thinking of oneself as more important than one really is; upstart
Thirty yuan Renminbi , but we do not do lunch .
This activity applies to all children under12 .
This aircraft company deals with freight only; it has no passenger service .
This area comes under the power of the local court .
This article is long enough to fill in two pages .
This award is a tribute to Walter's twenty years of dedicated service to the company .
This beer has gone flat .
This bill is a " pork barrel " proposition .
This book costs ten dollars .
This book has256 pages .
This book is out of stock .
This book sentimentalizes the suffering of the disabled .
This box is five times less than that one .
This boy's honesty is above suspicion .
This building is detached from the other buildings nearby .
This business is a cover for unlawful activity .
This can be achieved by means of firebricks .
This car is a one-off model .
This car's good for many more miles .
This chair wobbles .
This city has had a chequered history .
This cloth does not shrink in the wash .
This coat has no pockets .
This colour doesn't seem to fall in with my age .
This concerns the healthy growth of the children deeply .
This cork fits in nicely .
This course is designed as an introduction to the subject .
This custom can reach back Tang Dynasty .
This decline in vigour with the passing of time is called ageing .
This dictionary enable you to understand English words .
This dirty deal was sewn up over drinks in the hotel bar .
This document includes many articles .
This dormant volcano suddenly fired up .
This dress is made of silk , isn't it ?
This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar , the principle of which is similar .
This evening dress is fashioned after the latest Paris model .
This explanation evidently conveyed something to the girl who searched shelf after shelf .
This famous university is in the front rank of the institutes .
This film is a drag .
This firm prints a lot of musical and sports books .
This food is a Sichuan speciality . Help yourself , please .
This fuse is rated at50 amperes .
This girl is more lovable than her friend .
This greatly reduced the threat presented by typhoons .
This happened under her very eyes .
This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved .
This horn is out of tune .
This house is incapable of repair .
This illness makes me feel so tired that some days I don't know how to keep going .
This ink won't smear .
This is Mr . Cruise .
This is a book useful for beginners in French .
This is a day to get things out into the open , particularly money matters .
This is a good fit .
This is a life-and-death struggle concerning who will win out .
This is a novel reeking with sentimentalism .
This is a question of great moment .
This is a sixty . Try it for size .
This is a very good vintage .
This is an easy task .
This is at root a question of biology .
This is extremely irritating .
This is how it happened .
This is just what we have long sought for .
This is neither the time nor the place to exercise your wit . Kindly settle down and attend to the business in hand .
This is not an industry that would rock along quietly from one decade to the next .
This is on me , I insist .
This is only the first half .
This is paradise on earth .
This is such a small dictionary that I can put it in my pocket .
This is the best restaurant in town , bar none .
This is the chief obstacle to world peace .
This is the finest picture I have ever seen .
This is the longest street in the city .
This is the nicest song I have ever heard .
This is the problem of price .
This is the woman who was once adopted as a baby .
This is was green at a time when other ivies had pooped out .
This is where our basic interest lies .
This is , I believe , all the news concerning the conference .
This jar of pure honey weighs350 grams net .
This kind of bike is set at100 dollars .
This kind of weather often brings on influenza .
This last consignment of hosiery is quite up to standard .
This lemon juice is very strong . You should water it down .
This line of conduct seems advisable to me .
This lotion should help clear your skin of spots .
This machine is used to crush the rock up for road building .
This magazine comes out quarterly .
This man turned and hit Peter for no rhyme or reason .
This matter will go over until the next session .
This meat smell bad .
This medicine will settle your nerves .
This method can be used in conjunction with other methods .
This misprint led to great confusion .
This monument was built to perpetuate the memory of Abraham Lincoln .
This motorcar handles well .
This must be your brother: I can see a family likeness .
This new cooker has a special way of cleaning itself , so it saves all the trouble of scouring off the dirt .
This new method is on trial .
This news make us all sit up and take notice .
This noun is used only attributively .
This nylon doesn't knit up as well as pure wool .
This old carriage antedates the invention of the car .
This old stamp isn't sticky any more; I shall have to gum it down onto the envelope .
This opera finely brings out his spirit of wholehearted dedication to the revolution .
This painting depicts the Battle of Waterloo .
This paper tears easily .
This paste lacks body .
This photograph was taken with a cheap camera .
This pill will help to settle your nerves .
This plan of yours cuts into our schedule rather badly .
This poem doesn't say much to me .
This point should be brought home to our cadres .
This price will leave us no profit to speak of; therefore , we consider it as unworkable .
This problem is the most difficult in the three ones .
This project tied up a great deal of manpower .
This question has been set at rest .
This red wine is soft and fruity .
This report is positively denied in official circles , who affirm that nothing of the kind occured , but that the story is made of whole cloth .
This river is about300 miles long .
This room could do with a cleaning .
This room needs slicking up .
This rubbish had been disposed of .
This scene acts well .
This sentence bears no other construction .
This shop can fit you out with anything you need .
This shows man can work wonders .
This skirt is too long . Send it back to the shop .
This softening of the brain would ended in madness .
This special cream will help to soften up our skin .
This statement refers to all of us .
This story inspires people .
This struggle brought good results .
This suit show your figure off nicely .
This tailor is famous for making good suit .
This tendency is now spreading rapidly downwards .
This thesis deals with the physical operation of robots .
This time he trampled on her pride .
This toothache has been nagging at me for days .
This train calls at every station .
This trick escaped detection at the time .
This unit have become more advanced than before .
This victory demonstrates that our Party deserves to be called a great , glorious and correct party .
This was a pleasure she could not deny herself .
This was something we had not figured on at all .
This was your best performance , bar none .
This weekend is certain to be enjoyable .
This will confirm reservation made by phone on Monday for two box seats for the afternoon of March10 for " King Lear " .
This will make up for what he lacked in book knowledge .
This wine is inferior to that in flavor .
This wool makes up into a warm shawl .
This work is getting on top of me .
This wretched rheumatism has been playing me up again .
This year's final is a needle match between Manchester City and their old rivals Manchester United .
This , of course , involves certain difficulties[painstaking work] .
Those against ?
Those aren't you pens , are they ?
Those caves may house snakes or some other wild animals .
Those facilities are intended to civilize people .
Those hotels offer plain comforts .
Those men aren't students , either .
Those old railway carriages will be broken up for scrap .
Those salesmen who go over the top this month will get a bonus .
Those the small chickens run below the hen wing in order to hide .
Those who constitute the executive branch of a government .
Those who never have to change house become indiscriminate collectors of what can only be described as clutter .
Those who wish to undermine it want , but , according to our Scotch proverb , a hair to make a tether of .
Though Britons still drank more tea than any other beverage , coffee now came a close second .
Though friends for many years , the two lawyers finally ended up enemies .
Though he was not noticed by the police , he felt the need to criticize him-self for it .
Though it was a very difficult job , Helen was able to bring it off successfully ahead of schedule .
Though they could be seen , they were out of hearing .
Though wounded , he continued fighting as if nothing had happened .
Thousands of eyes are fixed on the Tian An Men rostrum .
Threatened strike by air-traffic controllers
Three concerts in a week is going it rather , isn't it ?
Three masked bandits stuck up a bank yesterday .
Three problems must be posed here .
Three witnesses saw her at the scene of the crime and so the police naturally thought they had an open and shut case .
Through a regrettable oversight I failed to send you an invitation .
Through traffic; through lanes .
Throw away that break dish .
Throwing my mind back to five years , I understood what my teacher told me .
Thus they managed to finish their autumn ploughing in time .
Tianjin is to the southeast of Beijing .
Tie this end to the pole but leave the other end free .
Till thy business all lies waste .
Tim went to London himself .
Time had expunged from his memory all recollections of the terrible events he had witnessed .
Time is getting on .
Time past; yore .
Time wears on more slowly when you are not interested .
Time's up . I have to hang up the receiver now .
Tina is always teasing her brother and unfortunately he can't take it .
Tired as he was he offered to carry the child .
To The general began his army life as a private soldier and landed up as ruler of his country .
To abandon; relinquish .
To accept punishment or take the blame for an offense or error .
To achieve equal scores in a contest .
To act as a conduit for stolen goods .
To act in a deliberately artificial , vulgar , or banal way .
To act , grow , or move in a wanton manner; be wanton .
To address a court as a lawyer or an advocate .
To adjust(a lens , for example) to produce a clear image .
To adopt for use by or in the military .
To affect a wistful or languid air , especially in order to gain sympathy .
To agree a deal where the term is favourable to you .
To allocate time for .
To alter the structure of(a protein) , as with heat , alkali , or acid , so that some of its original properties , especially its biological activity , are diminished or eliminated .
To announce officially and publicly; declare .
To apply a flux to .
To approach an end .
To arrange aesthetically or artistically .
To arrest(a criminal , for example) .
To assemble in or hold a caucus .
To assign(a player) to a minor-league team .
To assume responsibility for the debt , default , or miscarriage of .
To attain with effort or despite difficulty .
To avoid psychological insight into(an emotional problem) by performing an intellectual analysis .
To bargain or haggle .
To be alive; live .
To be careful !
To be employed; have a job .
To be great is to be misunderstand .
To be in or come into equilibrium .
To be obliged; must . Used in statutes , deeds , and other legal documents .
To be or become lustrous .
To be plain with you , we do not consider your work entirely satisfactory .
To be tardy in acting; procrastinate .
To be used up .
To beat or strike with or as if with a cudgel .
To become brisk; increase in strength . Used of the wind .
To become glassy .
To become marked by or cause an unintentional transfer of ink .
To become radiant .
To beget and conceive(offspring) .
To begin with , may I introduce to you Mr . of our corporation ?
To bend or slant away from the vertical .
To bid beyond or in excess of(a previous bid or player) in a game of cards .
To blossom; bloom .
To branch out into numerous subdivisions that lack a main axis , as the stem of an elm .
To break , burst , or rip apart with force; rend .
To bring forth(a sigh , for example) with obvious effort .
To bring to a bad or worse condition; debase .
To bring up(a subject) for discussion or debate .
To build(a road , for example) to follow the contour of the land .
To buy and sell goods; trade commercially .
To call forth(a reaction , for example) .
To capture or hold by or as if by a noose .
To cast in an unsuitable role .
To cause annoyance or displeasure .
To cause surprise or mild disapproval .
To cause to become financially bankrupt .
To cause to expand by or as if by inflating .
To cause to grow or yield a crop .
To cause to move toward a goal; aim .
To cause to trail along a surface , especially the ground .
To cause(a record or phonograph , for example) to emit recorded sounds .
To cause(the bowels) to evacuate .
To change in form or character; alter .
To change(a solid) to a liquid state by the application of heat or pressure or both .
To chatter; babble .
To chirp or whistle , as a bird does .
To clean(a wooden ship's hull) by applying heat to soften the pitch and then scraping .
To close one's account with
To coerce or inhibit by or as if by threats .
To combine the items of two or more sets that are each in the same given order into one set in that order .
To come open or fly apart suddenly or violently , especially from internal pressure .
To commit an injustice or offense against; wrong .
To complete the military ceremony , 100 planes will fly over .
To conclude from evidence or premises .
To confine(a student) to the grounds of a college as punishment .
To connect(an appliance) to an electrical outlet .
To construct with such parallel horizontal beams .
To contrive and present as genuine; counterfeit .
To convert to Communist principles or control .
To convey to heaven without death .
To cool(hot metal) by thrusting into water or other liquid .
To couple(two or more spacecraft , for example) in space .
To cover or treat with grit .
To cover(a fire) , as with ashes or fresh fuel , to ensure continued low burning .
To create or leave blank spaces in(printed or illustrated matter) . Often used with out .
To crowd together excessively .
To cut and spread open and flat , as shrimp .
To cut or divide into two parts , especially two equal parts .
To damage the reputation , character , or good name of by slander or libel .
To deal with or think of beforehand; anticipate .
To declare and wage(a war) .
To decorate or weave with rich patterns .
To defeat handily or decisively .
To delay until a future time; put off .
To denounce or condemn .
To deprive of peace or rest; trouble .
To describe in writing .
To detach from what secures; unfasten .
To determine the total of; add up .
To die , especially suddenly or violently .
To direct or put(a weapon) into position for use; level .
To discharge or emit(a liquid or gas , for example) gradually .
To disengage(a clutch , for example) .
To dispose of or pass off by deception .
To disturb the surface of(water or a stream); agitate .
To divide into three equal parts .
To do him justice , he is not without some merits .
To do what a letter ask to be done .
To draw milk from a female mammal .
To draw(air or smoke , for example) into the lungs by breathing; inspire .
To drink up in one draft .
To dry up or shrivel from or as if from loss of moisture .
To eater into the mood of this epic poem requires both sensitivity and imagination .
To embody; personify .
To empty out(a container or vehicle) , as by overturning or tilting .
To enclose in or as if in a sphere .
To engage in a formal discussion or argument .
To engage in or spread gossip .
To enroll compulsorily into service; draft .
To entice; tempt .
To establish a single grammatical or semantic interpretation for .
To estimate the value of(property) for taxation .
To examine or explore by touching(an organ or area of the body) , usually as a diagnostic aid .
To exclude from a group .
To exert strong pressure in order to force(something) open .
To expend all one's strength and resources toward achievement of an end or purpose .
To expose to or reveal by radiation .
To express oneself in pantomime .
To extract(juice , for example) by squeezing or compressing .
To fail to do what is required .
To fall in love with .
To fasten with a gib .
To feel or express sorrow or pity for; sympathize with .
To fill beyond capacity , especially with food; satiate .
To fill , cover , or coat with loam .
To fish for by trailing a baited line from behind a slowly moving boat .
To flatten , stretch , or mold(metal) by hammering or die stamping .
To fly like a kite; soar or glide .
To forbid , hinder , or prevent .
To foretell or predict(the future) .
To form a small depression in(a surface) .
To form or be formed into small , tight curls or tufts .
To form the crown , top , or chief ornament of .
To free from bondage , oppression , or restraint; liberate .
To frustrate the hopes or plans of .
To furnish with a computer or computer system .
To gain an amount equal to that invested , as in a commercial venture .
To gather and light the materials for(a fire) .
To get at the fruit , you pare off the rather thick peel with a sharp knife .
To gird; encompass .
To give a name to facetiously or playfully; nickname .
To give all of the inflected forms of a word; to provide a paradigm .
To give credit to a disagreeable or malevolent person .
To give myself time to think , I tamped down the tobacco in my pipe and then lit it slowly .
To give orders .
To give up one's career just as one becomes highly successful .
To go about on foot .
To go into a state of ecstasy .
To go toward the bottom of a body of water; submerge .
To grant as true or valid , as for the sake of argument; concede .
To grow bored or impatient .
To guarantee the purchase of(a full issue of stocks or bonds) .
To hanker; yearn .
To have a need or desire for food .
To have as one's territory or sphere of work .
To have room for; accommodate .
To heat(an oven , for example) beforehand .
To his delight and relief the dentist's touch was , if not quite as light as thistledown , at least sensitive , and certainly far from the brutal assault he had feared .
To hit with or as if with a heavy club .
To hold a meeting or a discussion
To hope for a successful or advantageous outcome .
To illustrate my point I have do a comparative analysis .
To impel as if with a spur; urge on .
To include(expenditures) in business accounts as assets instead of expenses .
To increase the weight or body of(fabrics) by treating with chemicals .
To inflict great pain on; torment .
To initiate , as into a college fraternity , by exacting humiliating performances from or playing rough practical jokes upon .
To inspire admiration or wonder .
To interfere or meddle in other people's affairs .
To introduce , especially with formal ceremony .
To involve in or hamper with financial difficulties .
To jam(a wheel) by a short turn .
To join or form a pool .
To keep a constant distance apart . Used of a pair of wheels .
To keep watch .
To know(a person or thing) .
To lead or guide in the wrong direction; lead astray .
To lease for less than the proper value .
To leave quickly and secretly and hide oneself , often to avoid arrest or prosecution .
To levy a tithe on .
To linger at the love gate is sweet , and it can never be brought to an end .
To live with me
To look in(a public area) for a sexual partner .
To lose one's temper .
To lurch or swerve while in motion .
To make a chip shot in golf .
To make a denizen of; grant rights of residence to .
To make a hole in something .
To make a powerful impression on; overwhelm .
To make a silly mistake; blunder .
To make a widow or widower of .
To make an incomplete or misleading motion .
To make classic or classical .
To make discontented .
To make formal .
To make indistinct and hazy in outline or appearance; obscure .
To make jokes or quips .
To make matters/things worse , it started to snow when evening came .
To make oneself clean , neat , or presentable .
To make or become even .
To make or become wide or wider .
To make or produce a likeness of .
To make progress; improve .
To make slender , fine , or small .
To make this cake you must first mix butter and sugar to the consistency of thick cream .
To make weary; exhaust .
To make(a visit or call) .
To manage clumsily; bungle .
To march in single file or in files or columns .
To marry a member of another group .
To melt; fuse .
To mistake the meaning of; misinterpret .
To more central premises at the above address , to which all communication shall in future are addressed .
To move at a steady trot .
To move in a weaving , wobbling , or rolling manner .
To move or go around completely; make a circuit of .
To move roughly or suddenly .
To move with the body close to the ground , as on hands and knees .
To my mind , he is very rude .
To nibble; crop .
To obtain a record from an input file .
To offend grossly against(standards of decency or morality); commit an outrage on .
To open(a school or workplace , for example) to members of all races or ethnic groups , especially by force of law .
To or into a lower or inferior condition , as of subjection , defeat , or disgrace .
To our friendship . bottom up !
To overcome(an opponent) by artful , clever maneuvering .
To pardon or remit(a sin) .
To pass out; faint .
To pave with a bituminous material .
To penetrate with a sharp edge; strike a narrow opening in .
To perform or act(a role or part) in a dramatic performance .
To permeate; saturate .
To pilot or drive(a vehicle) carrying no passengers or freight .
To place in or as if in a coffin .
To place or conceal in a secure place .
To place(an employee , for example) under bond or guarantee .
To plaster or join with mortar .
To play(a tune) on a flute .
To poison or mix(food or drink) with a drug .
To pound; throb .
To prepare for action .
To present a statement of costs or charges to .
To preserve(food) .
To prevent any argument , I'll toss you for who does the washing-up .
To proceed rapidly; hurry .
To produce as an average figure
To produce written material , such as articles or books .
To project or extend beyond .
To propel , eject , or insert with or as if with a pump .
To provide or brighten with light .
To provide(type) with a kern .
To punish for the purpose of improving or reforming .
To push or strike with or as if with the head; butt .
To put ashore on a deserted island or coast and intentionally abandon .
To put in place or position .
To put into simpler terms; explain or interpret .
To put out of order .
To put(a claim or action) out of court without further hearing .
To quote a lower price than that quoted by(another); undersell .
To raise to a higher level , especially to promote to a higher position .
To reach an agreement; come to terms .
To receive honors upon return from a victory in ancient Rome . Used of a general .
To recover , as from depression or disappointment .
To reduce the pride of; humble .
To refer(proposed legislation , for example) to a committee again .
To regard with horror or loathing; abominate .
To release from an entanglement or difficulty; disengage .
To relieve or release(pressure); let off .
To remove a pack from(a pack animal) .
To remove from active military status .
To remove radicals without changing the value of(an expression) or roots of(an equation) .
To remove the harness or similar equipment from .
To remove(living tissue) from the natural site of growth and place in a medium for culture .
To render unfit to eat or drink without destroying usefulness in other applications , especially to add methanol to(ethyl alcohol) .
To replace fact with fantasy unconsciously in memory .
To repress; stifle .
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy .
To retract(something said) .
To revert to an earlier type or stage in one's past .
To ride in a gig .
To rob of goods by force , especially in time of war; pillage .
To rub , crush , grind , or pound into fine particles or a powder; pulverize .
To safeguard our country we must continuously strengthen our defense .
To say or express by gestures .
To score par on(a hole or course) in golf .
To secure and maintain a tight hold on; seize firmly .
To seek or seize as prey or plunder .
To seize(a fugitive or wrongdoer); arrest .
To sell; peddle .
To separate grain from chaff .
To serve as a medium for(a spirit guide) .
To set down in writing .
To set up camp or live in a camp .
To sew or do similar work with a small , slender , sharp-pointed implement .
To shift a motor vehicle into a higher gear .
To shorten one's grip on the handle of a bat or racket .
To show to be inaccurate or untrue .
To signal or summon , as by nodding or waving .
To sleep for a brief period , often during the day; doze .
To smooth , fit , or align accurately .
To solve by means of arithmetic .
To speak frankly and get down to the basic facts of a matter .
To speak or write at length and with many digressions .
To spend the summer , as at a special place .
To spread the rumor or report of .
To stamp(gold and silver articles) with a mark indicating purity .
To start , as on a trip; leave .
To stem the rising tide against him , he is to swing around the circle in Yorkshire tonight .
To stop doing something; quit .
To store or place(fuel) in a bunker .
To stretch(taffy , for example) repeatedly .
To strike with or as if with a whip .
To study or complete a course of study at a preparatory school .
To subject to or treat with fumes .
To succeed in avoiding .
To summon up one's inner resources in preparation for action .
To supply with or transmit through a microphone .
To support or strengthen from beneath .
To surround or encircle with or as if with a belt or girdle .
To swell or expand; enlarge .
To take arbitrarily or by force .
To take into the body by the mouth for digestion or absorption .
To take part in or as if in a drag race .
To take(a wave) over the stern .
To talk stupidly or childishly .
To tell the truth , I fell asleep in the middle .
To test(a technique or product , for example) under conditions of actual operation or use .
To the rear , march !
To think that such men are elected to the House of Commons !
To throw into disorder .
To tire with physical or mental exertion; weary .
To trail(a baited line) in fishing .
To transfer ownership of or title to .
To translate a computer program expressed in a problem-oriented language into a computer-oriented language .
To travel about or journey over .
To treat comrades like enemies is to go over to the stand of the enemy .
To treat without proper respect or attentiveness .
To try something on
To turn or cause to turn(a vessel) to leeward .
To twist(the hair , for example) into ringlets or coils .
To understand poetry , one have to read between the line .
To unseat or throw off , as from a horse .
To use a safety belt , especially in an automobile .
To use power or authority , especially in an excessive or heavy-handed way .
To utter in a loud , powerful voice .
To utter the sound made by cattle; moo .
To view with contempt; despise .
To walk from place to place; move about .
To ward off the feeling , I drank the whisky quickly .
To weaken or collapse from exertion .
To whiten(a growing plant or plant part) by covering to cut off direct light .
To wipe out , rub off , or erase(writing or other markings) .
To withhold work from(employees) during a labor dispute .
To work toward the passage of(legislation) by logrolling .
To wrap(something intended as a gift) in a decorative manner .
To write or print the final draft of(an official document) .
To yield(oneself) completely , as to emotion .
Tobacco used to form the body of a cigar .
Today is May21st .
Today it is his turn to collect the children from school in the community .
Today we'll have a Dutch treat at the restaurant .
Today's my sense is not good .
Together , let us explore the stars , conquer the deserts , eradicate disease , tap the ocean depths , and encourage the arts and commerce .
Tom Smith is a newcomer , but he has already muscled in the political circles that control the town .
Tom blew his father a kiss tonight .
Tom do not mind be visited even if he is study .
Tom give me a new knife as compensation for the one he lose .
Tom has become bored with high living and he is going to work in a factory .
Tom has the job of washing the car .
Tom is above average in his lessons .
Tom is never sick; he is as sound as a roach .
Tom isn't a very pleasant guy . He's always coming the heavy hand with me .
Tom never thinks things through carefully . He's always rushing to conclusions .
Tom receive three letters from his mother .
Tom spends all his money for candy . A fool and his money are soon parted .
Tom upset the other team's applecart by hitting a home run in the last inning and we won the game .
Tom was cleared out of the inn , bag and baggage .
Tom was pushed out for his unfavorable suggestion to the boss .
Tom will really light up when he sees his new bike .
Tom's heavy footsteps upstairs make the old house vibrate .
Tom , put the picture on the wall . Be careful not to put it up end for end .
Tomorrow I'll pay a call on him .
Tonight there is a stir among the palm leaves , a swell in the sea , Full Moon , like the heart throb of the world .
Tony slapped his hat on and ran out of the house .
Too many students were pressed into the classroom , and we could hardly breathe .
Too much work is no excuse for not studying .
Took a dim view of their prospects .
Took mess with the enlistees .
Tore the paper carefully along the fold .
Tossing out an instruction as he left , he hurried from the office , already late for his meeting .
Tough break , James . I know that must be hard for you . I'm sorry .
Tourists who visit only the attractive or wealthy parts of a city tend to see the city through rose-coloured spectacles .
Tower is measured by their shadow , and great men by their calumniator .
Tractors have revolutionized farming .
Trade should not serve as a means of economic plunder .
Traffic has dropped off since the by-pass opened .
Tragedy is a type of literature that involves death , suffering or disaster .
Trample with your feet , and trample it in !
Transformation of one element into another by one or a series of nuclear reactions .
Travelers must beware of fast traffic .
Tread the earth down around the roots
Trees flowing thin sap .
Trice a sail .
Trifler , wilt thou sing till June ?
Troops were hurried to the war zone .
Trousers made of corduroy .
True praise takes root and spread .
Trust me , the game is really worth playing .
Truth is stranger than fiction; fictions is obliged to stick to possibilities , truth isn't .
Try again .
Try if you dare do so .
Try some draught Guinness , it'll put hairs on your chest .
Try to conjure up a picture of life in ancient Greece .
Try to learn by heart these english word and phrases .
Try to sell them our most profitable product and he's hope you can bring off a deal .
Try3678-9012 . She shall be there .
Tumultuous crowds , upheavals , passions
Turn down the second street on the right .
Turn on the radio .
Turn the cock on .
Turn up your radio please .
Twanged the car antenna .
Twenty years had not dimmed his memory .
Twist one's wrist .
Two best men in our team are shooting off for the prize .
Two competitors have scratched from the10 , 000 meters with torn leg muscles .
Two fire engines arrived shortly after the fire blazed up .
Two houses burnt down last week .
Two men blocking the path put the wind up her .
Two nurses evacuated the sick and wounded flora a combat area .
Two opposing forces that canceled out .
Two planes used by a United States Government relief agency came under missile attack over Mauritania today , and one plane was shot down , the State Department said . It was unclear who had fired the missiles .
Two sheep have been lost .
Two week from today
Two years have passed since he left for France .
Ugly as sin themselves , the two stepsisters hated Cinderella for her beauty .
Umpteen reasons; umpteen guests .
Unable to read and write .
Unblock a road; unblock a coronary artery .
Uncle Fred was a loyal member of his party . He always voted the straight ticket .
Uncle george get a black eye for ogle a lady in the pub .
Under bitter hardship , they have struggled on tirelessly and uncomplainingly .
Under no illusions about her mother and younger sisters , Elizabeth begins to see Darcy's inherently honest character .
Under the heel of Stalinism; the heel of an autocrat .
Under their influence , the horizons sprung wide and fear went away and the unknown became knowable .
Underwriters Laboratory
Unemployment insurance and income tax are taken out of your pay before you get it .
Unfortunately I am not aware of that .
Unhappily , we never saw her again .
Unions regard the government's intention to ban overtime as the thin end of the wedge .
Unjust or poor treatment; ill-usage .
Unless we can find a way of making the baby keep its food down , it is simply going to starve to death .
Unlike what thy forests teach ,
Unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch .
Unsound mind , like unsound body , if you feed , you poison .
Until tomorrow , then .
Unwilling to forgo dessert .
Up to date we have no news of him .
Upon examination we find whole of the contents stained .
Upstairs he have a studio where he painted a little .
Use Terminal to communicate with another computer via a modem .
Use of instruments for the recording or transmission of physiological information , such as breathing rate or heart rate .
Use this command to open an existing document in a new window
Used as a command to assume an erect military posture .
Used as a disparaging term for a heterosexual person .
Used as a greeting or farewell , and as a request for silence .
Used as a title of respect for men in Turkey , equivalent to sir .
Used especially in response to sudden pain .
Used in or obtained by extraction .
Used to clear a passage through a crowded area .
Used to express disbelief or annoyance .
Used to express mild surprise .
Used to introduce a remark , resume a narrative , or fill a pause during conversation .
Used with Your , Her , or Their as a title and form of address for a woman or women holding the rank of lady .
Using or able to use two languages , especially with equal or nearly equal fluency .
Usual price
Usually , on the first journey , the pilot on board a hovercraft , has to endure the discomfort caused by the spray which comes on board .
Vagabonds meandering through life .
Van used by the police to take prisoner from one place to another .
Various herbs are blended in to make a good medicine for colds .
Vaudeville or musical entertainment presented between the acts of a burlesque or minstrel show .
Venus , a beautiful good-natured lady , was the goddess of love; Juno , a terrible shrew , the goddess of marriage; and they are always mortal enemies .
Very distant; remote .
Very intelligent or talented
Very severe or unpleasant
Very well , doctor , I'll try to take more exercise .
Viciousness of conduct or action .
Vigorous and hearty
Violent abnormal behavior .
Virtue flies from the heart of a mercenary man .
Visitor to the castle is asked not to take photographs .
Volleyball is growing in popularity in China .
Voted the straight Republican ticket .
Wage increases have cushioned us from the effects of higher prices .
Wait for a break in the traffic before cross the road .
Wait will you have all the proofs; don't rush to conclusions .
Waitress
Walk up and see our wonderful stamp collection .
Wallis is always trying to make waves .
Wangled a job for which she had no training .
Wanton or cruel killing; carnage .
War seemed probable in1938 . The home team , far ahead , is the probable winner .
Warm wish for happy holiday season .
Was a hundred dollars in pocket after a day at the races .
Was cold sober .
Was intent on leaving within the hour; are intent upon being recognized .
Was subject to coughs , asthma , and the like .
Was/Wasn't the concert to your liking ?
Wasp sting is serious , as I know to my cost .
Watch market ready to sell if arises .
Watch the wounded eagle taking off from the ground .
Water alternates between ice and water in winter .
Water heats slowly .
Water seeped into the pores of the rock .
Water-skiing is very enjoyable .
Waves wash the shore .
We accept the lowest quote .
We adopt an active attitude towards drawing on overseas fund to make up for domestic fund shortage .
We agree to use cartons for outer packing .
We aired the room by opening the windows .
We all complain about the poor service in the hotel coffee lounge .
We all had to pledge allegiance to the flag .
We all hung back when we saw how old the car was .
We all like having you as our teacher , although we don't always behave well in class .
We all pitched in , and within an hour the whole camp was set up .
We all sighed with relief when the plan finally touched down safely .
We allocate10% of revenue to publicity .
We also train them to make use of reference books .
We always overdo at Christmas .
We anticipate a prompt reply from you .
We appreciate your reasons for objecting to the proposal .
We are advised that the shipment will arrive next week .
We are all in favor of this plan .
We are always do something for posterity , but I will fain see posterity do something for us .
We are at your disposal .
We are busy on Tuesday .
We are considering a machine tool joint venture of moderate scale .
We are displeasure at her impatience .
We are extremely appreciative of your friendly advice .
We are getting busy right away .
We are going for a drink .
We are going to pipe the water up from the valley .
We are grateful to you-beyond expression .
We are hoping for an improvement but thing have go from bad to worse .
We are in sympathy with his misfortune .
We are just being followed .
We are living at a time when machines do work which men used to do .
We are married , but we are still two different individual .
We are not in a position to entertain business at your price , since it is far below our cost price .
We are now in a great new era of information .
We are out of potatoes and the flour is running short .
We are pleased to extend our offer for further3 day after you receive this letter .
We are prepared to lend you the money with no strings attached .
We are puzzled by the sudden disappearance of our guide .
We are really sweat as we wait for the result .
We are sending you today by the American Railway Express , prepaid , the following books:
We are sorry that this item is out of stock for the time .
We are strong against this resolution .
We are sure you will enjoy being here , and you are cordially invited to visit with us when you have the opportunity .
We are through the initial testing period .
We are unable to make you a direct offer , as the Smith co . act as general agent for our product in your country .
We are very pleased to receive your order for our goods to the value of US$20 ,000 .
We are willing to use foreign patent technique and equipment in the form of compensation trade .
We arranged with him to meet at the hotel at one o'clock .
We arrived safely .
We assumed that the train would be on time .
We attacked the enemy from the rear .
We beat their team with a vengeance .
We believe in his ability .
We benefit by [from] daily exercises .
We bought a run-down old house but in my mind's eye I could see what it would be like when it was restored .
We broke our journey to Rome at Venice .
We call him Xiao Wang .
We came about and went off on a new tack .
We came upon a little village sitting in the hills .
We can allow a2% discount on all orders of$600 in value and over , orders exceeding$2 ,000 are subject to3% discount .
We can come to some arrangement over the price .
We can feed an army tonight .
We can go for a drink first , or have a look at the factory first . What's it to be ?
We can input data needed to be processed or preserved by a computer via a keyboard .
We can meet at my house or yours , just as you wish .
We can not help impressing by the majesty of the lofty mountain .
We can only supply you with20 ,000 yards of pure silk .
We can reconsider our price if your order is big enough .
We can see the car running in top .
We can supply most models from stock and are prepared to supply you with fine quality camera if you need it .
We can use plastics in place of wood or metal .
We can't accept that as a basis for a decision .
We can't enter into details at present .
We can't judge what he did till we know all the circumstances .
We can't rest easy until they're safely back .
We cannot accept any more work , we have more than we can cope with as it is .
We cannot find any trace of the check mention by you .
We cannot supply funds without limit .
We celebrate Mother's Day in honour of our mothers .
We charged and the enemy's front line fell back .
We climbed the mountain in three hours , which was good going .
We condole with him on [up on] his loss .
We consider it a good chance .
We could but laugh off her suspicions .
We could hear the children's voices in the garden .
We could see how excited he was by the animation in his face .
We couldn't hear her at the back of the hall because her voice doesn't carry .
We crammed more than a hundred books into the small bookcase .
We decide to let sleeping dog lie and not take them to court .
We decided to kill the rats by poisoning them .
We demanded an immediate answer of then .
We did not notice this matter until yesterday .
We didn't find it strange that no one would take the money .
We directed our attention to improving their working conditions .
We do everything with a view to safeguarding Marxism-Leninism .
We do not know when this world come into be .
We don't get to onto anatomy until next year .
We don't know which of them is going to be elected chairman , so we'd better hedge our bets and he nice to both of them .
We don't usually accept cheques , but we'll make an exception in your case .
We drive there and back on one tank of petrol .
We eat with our mouths .
We enclose herewith an inquiry sheet .
We enjoyed ourselves very much .
We exchange greeting .
We expect your reply to our inquiry .
We failed miserably to agree .
We felt awe when contemplating the works of Bach . The imprisoned soldiers were in awe of their captors .
We fill with exultation in the new victory .
We finished the work among ourselves .
We flied to get over that area many times .
We found a cupboard set over the fireplace .
We found it quite a change when we moved to London .
We found the room chocked up with useless old furniture .
We gave the heave-ho all the furniture found in the flat we had just rented .
We get on very well together .
We give25% as basic discount , but can add5% for cash payment .
We go to dig in like all get—out .
We got creamed .
We got the house at a cheap price because it was almost falling down .
We greatly regret the mistake make in send you the goods .
We had a family reunion and my sister-whom I haven't seen for years-graced us with her presence .
We had a long wait , but it was worthwhile because we got the tickets .
We had a simple room with on frills , just a bed and a chest of drawers .
We had bad fogs this winter .
We had cake for dessert .
We had lived on terms of close friendship under the same roof . It was not an easy parting .
We had roasted pheasant for dinner .
We had the whole compartment to ourselves .
We had to fight the other firm for the order .
We had to sober him up before taking him home .
We hammered out our differences over a glass of beer .
We hauled up in front of the house .
We have a guided tour of the ruins .
We have a lot of thing to do today .
We have a spanking good time at his country house
We have adjusted our price and give you a special discount of3 percent .
We have an informal agreement to ride to school together .
We have be approached several times but have turn down all offer .
We have been dating for four weeks but Joe has never even make a pass at me .
We have been wired into the main system now .
We have bundled up everything .
We have cut down the non-productive expenditure .
We have disposed of the rubbish .
We have enough data in hand .
We have fallen short of rice .
We have full assurance of the results .
We have got inside information concerning the meeting .
We have heard of men celebrating their country's battles who in war were celebrated for keeping out of them .
We have just had an English lesson .
We have lost a first-rate teacher in Jim .
We have marked the play area off with a white line .
We have no clue as to where she go after she leave home .
We have no sooner set out than a thunder storm break
We have nothing further to say .
We have openings for office staff .
We have pleasure in recommend our electronic product to you and enclose herewith quotation No .28 for your consideration .
We have really plumped up these chickens .
We have reduced the unproductive spending .
We have seat at15 in the balcony .
We have signed on a hundred machine operators .
We have sublet part of our office to a financial consultancy .
We have the freedom to do as we please all afternoon .
We have thousand and one things to do before we set out for our holiday .
We have to cure ourselves of the itch for absolute knowledge and power .
We have to keep a close tab on daily sales .
We have to pass the custom before we leave .
We have to spread the issue over next meeting .
We have two ears and one mouth that we may listen the more and talk the less .
We have200 people working for us .
We haven't had a square meal for a week .
We hear the song sing in English .
We heard the story form his own lips of how he had been hard at his design .
We hereby revoke the agreement of January1st1982 .
We hold the merchandise in readiness to ship on receipt of your remittance .
We hope soon to announce to you that we shall close the sale of the cambric .
We hope they have completed work .
We hope to hear from you favourably .
We hope you can show us the certificate issued by the Health Office .
We hope you'll give us an attractive price .
We hurried on to make up for lost time .
We insist on self-reliance .
We invite you to know us . That is the beginning of friendship between people---and friendship between people is the basis for friendship between governments .
We just caught the plane
We keep our music in a stack near the piano .
We knew she was always good as her promise , so we trusted her .
We know not all of us realize the importance of this step .
We laid ourselves flat when we heard the bullets whistling overhead .
We leave tomorrow but I haven't begun to pack yet !
We lifted the load by means of a crane .
We listen eagerly , for he bring news of our families .
We live in the country and keep early hours .
We located the shops and the post office as soon as we moved into the town .
We looked at the conjurer in silent conjurer .
We lost two hundred dollars , how much were you taken for ?
We made allowances for his rudeness .
We made out a list of books which our students might read .
We make our way to the coast and thence by sea to France .
We managed to record the whole of the concert from a live studio broadcast .
We may compare iron wish decide which is harder .
We may take Rome in our way .
We might have a free press , but that doesn't mean all reporting is true and accurate .
We moved out on Wednesday and the new tenants moved in on Thursday .
We must all pull together , or the factory will fail .
We must arrange a convenient time and place for the meeting .
We must awake to the difficulties facing our team .
We must be talking at cross-purposes .
We must build more fields giving stable and high yields .
We must come to definite decision .
We must constitute ourselves a vigorous , loyal and public-spirited opposition party .
We must dig the vegetable garden .
We must do our bit towards protecting the environment .
We must enquire further into the matter .
We must first of all destroy the enemy effectives .
We must get her to be examined properly .
We must go cautiously , to be sure !
We must have the goods here in September for reshipment .
We must hurry in order to not be late .
We must keep fully alert .
We must keep up with the times .
We must look the facts in the face .
We must make up quite a lot of leeway if we're to finish the job on schedule .
We must not stand by with folded arms when people damage state property .
We must perform the task that has been imposed upon us .
We must put a new lock on the front door .
We must rely on our own efforts .
We must see to it that Party policies are implemented .
We must stop meeting like this people are beginning to talk !
We must take action before it is too late .
We must tell them of [about] our decision .
We must try to get to the bottom of it . Do you have any clues yet ?
We must wait until his return .
We mustn't give way to these unreasonable demands .
We mustn't sit by while our neighboring Commune is short of manpower .
We need a lot of things this week .
We need democracy .
We need some boil water .
We need to cooperate perfectly to win the game .
We need workers' help .
We never know what will be " in " .
We now living in a world in which robot take over much of the work .
We offer this small token by way of appreciation .
We often go for a ramble in the park after supper .
We often turn to this handbook for information on transistors .
We opened the meeting in last week .
We ought to plug away the best we can .
We owed him fifty yuan .
We pass through four countries on our way to greece .
We pay money down .
We piped the water down .
We planned to floor our room with oak .
We politely turned down the invitation .
We prefix Mr . to a man's name .
We promise to deliver your order on time .
We put a series of prime-time commercial .
We quarreled violently , and after that parted company .
We ran out of food at the party because I didn't bargain for so many people turning up .
We read about the storm in the paper today .
We receive your cheque , value$250 ,000 which we have pass to your credit on account .
We regard him as a fool .
We regret that we are unable to take the goods offer by you , owing to our are overstock at present .
We regret to say that your price is too high .
We relieve to see you back safe and sound .
We require a special offer for the opening of our business .
We reviewed our experience , carried on new experiments , and piled up data .
We sale only goods in al condition .
We saw a ship bearing in with the land .
We saw the missile coming our way and ducked down .
We see a few cabin by the edge of the thick forest .
We seem to be at cross-purposes . I want to ask you to dinner tomorrow , not your boss .
We sell direct from the factory to the customer and cut out the middleman .
We send off for the new catalogue .
We serve coffee in the lounge .
We shall be delighted if you'll lunch with us .
We shall be obliged if you will give us your immediate and careful attention .
We shall be victorious in despite of difficulties .
We shall discuss the problem fully before we make the decision .
We shall give you a call when you may have had a chance to come up with some suitable prospects .
We shall have to throw out a line of experienced soldiers to protect our weak front .
We shall make the plan with an eye to the future .
We shall not hear the last of it .
We shall so act that we shall have nothing to regret .
We share a small room between us .
We should always help each other .
We should be finished with the project in a few days . We’re on the last lap now .
We should capitalize on every chance we get to improver our English .
We should find peaceful ways of settling international disputes rather than appeal to arms .
We should help him out .
We should make good use of our time .
We should not kiss off our responsibility for that .
We should save unnecessary expense .
We should take steps to prevent war .
We shouldn't harbour any unrealistic notions about the talks on the so-called disarmament .
We signed out of college on Friday evening and returned on Monday morning .
We sold out our entire stock .
We sought her out to tell her of her success .
We spent every last penny we had on the house .
We stand side by side with you in this dispute .
We stayed in a hotel on the lake last night .
We stood in full view of the crowd .
We stopped to listen carefully , but we didn't hear anyone speaking .
We study hard so that we may work better .
We surmise that the delay is caused by some accident .
We take the 10 : 25 express to Edinburgh .
We tested it as soon as it came off the machines .
We thank you for your letter offering your service and shall like to discuss the possibility of expand trade with you .
We think him a good cadre .
We think you are a most valuable member of the team , but don't let it go to your head .
We threw all the men we had into the battle .
We took a walk an hour ago .
We trade on the principle of equality and mutual benefit .
We tried the new supermarket last week , but it's not what it's cracked up to be .
We tried to pair Mary and Robert off .
We trust that you will favour us with a trial at an early date , and await the pleasure of hearing from you .
We try to keep stock levels low during the summer .
We turned the boat round and pulled for the shore .
We use only the finest materials to make our furniture .
We used to laugh at their provincial manners . I had to laugh when I saw who my opponent was .
We usually knock off at about five o'clock .
We visited both New York and London .
We waited for the procession to go by .
We walked a few more steps and then we reached the rocky bridge that juts out from the bank .
We want peace , we want freedom , we want security we want stronger , we want freedom to gain .
We want to really know the principles of its structure .
We watch them play basketball .
We went by the shop without seeing it .
We went the long way round and they took a short cut , but we had the last laugh because they got lose !
We went to the park and spent a happy afternoon strolling around , and it didn't cost a penny .
We were all entertained by his tricks .
We were amused at the way he so frequently chopped into our conversation by saying: " I thought as much . " 
We were careful not to come within gunshot of the enemy .
We were down to10 gallons and we still had a long way to go .
We were fogbound at London Airport for12 hours .
We were half convinced .
We were infused with new hope .
We were more than happy to hear of your escape !
We were pestered with flies .
We were relocated to the other side of town .
We were snowed in for three days last winter .
We were surprised to see how welcome they were in the countryside .
We were turned back at the gate .
We were winning the boat race until our boat went aground(on an sand bank) .
We will back you up if you put the suggestion to the meeting .
We will do it in a jiffy .
We will go next year plan surely .
We will justify our glorious past and the loyalty of silent millions who look to us for compassion , for understanding , and for honest purpose .
We will not be frightened by threats .
We will resolutely perform our internationalist duty no matter what happens .
We will try to cool the water .
We wish to add . . .
We wish to remind you of our letter of . . . in which we asked you to . . .
We won't give up halfway , happen what may .
We work from sun to sun .
We would have gone on the picnic if it hadn't rained .
We wouldn't bargain on John arriving soon .
We'd better enlarge the reading room by knocking through between the two small rooms .
We'd better make it snappy , if we don't want to miss the beginning of the film .
We'd better start for the hotel .
We'd like to accept the order for prompt delivery .
We'd like to renew our sole agency agreement for another two years .
We'd very much appreciate your help .
We'll be there inside an hour .
We'll change it , then . You take this one .
We'll draw on you by our documentary draft at sight on collection basis .
We'll get the water out with a suction pump .
We'll have a bottle of the house wine .
We'll have supper on the terrace .
We'll have to hurry , It's getting late .
We'll lead with the dock strike .
We'll move back to Building5 early next week .
We'll pay you half up front and the other half when you've finished the job .
We'll see if that can be arranged .
We'll spend the day looking round and leave tomorrow .
We'll try again and make sure if the supplier is prepare to give you priority with their offer .
We're a little disorganized after the move , but do come and see us when we've settled in .
We're awfully obliged to you for getting us back .
We're dying to hear what happened .
We're going to have a crazy night at a new disco pub . Are you coming ?
We're having a party .
We're in for dinner tonight .
We're leaving this city; our future home will be in Paris .
We're not staying in the village , we're just passing through .
We're rather concerned about father's health .
We're staying , come hell or high water .
We're trying to bring along one or two promising young swimmers .
We're working on some wood-cuts .
We've been deceived in that boy , we thought his behavior was improving but now it's worse than ever .
We've been married for2 years .
We've covered a lot of ground today . Next time we'll have a review class .
We've finished off the last of our fuel oil .
We've got plenty of cash .
We've had a new carpet laid in the bedroom .
We've laid in enough food for the winter .
We've organized an English Club , but not all the students want to be drawn in .
We've seen quite a bit of him while you were away .
We've turned the enemy .
Wealth is no guarantee of happiness .